DRAFT: Api key deprecation (#184)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/use/security/k8s-ingestion-api-keys.adoc

=== Migrate to a service token per cluster

1. Open the Kubernetes Stackpack in the UI
2. Expand the cluster you are migrating
3. Click the "Create new service token" button to get the cluster specific service token and copy the token
4. Follow the agent installation/upgrade instructions in the stackpack to re-deploy the agent to the cluster with the service token as the API key.

Instead of using the UI you can also generate the token with the CLI as xref:setup/security/authentication/service_tokens#_telemetry_data_ingestion[documented here]. Make sure to also assign the `update-scoped-permissions` scoped to the cluster you are migrating. The other steps remain the same as for the UI.

=== Migrate to a single service token

Generate a service token with the CLI as xref:setup/security/authentication/service_tokens#_telemetry_data_ingestion[documented here].:

[,sh]
----
> sts rbac create-subject --subject my-agent
✅ Created subject 'my-agent'
> sts rbac grant --subject my-agent --permission update-metrics
✅ Granted permission 'update-metrics' on 'system' to subject 'my-agent'
PERMISSION   | RESOURCE
update-metrics | system
----

> Don't add a `update-scoped-permissions` permission, that will not work for a token that is used from multiple clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not add a `update-scoped-permissions` permission as it will not work for a token that is used from multiple clusters.
```

> Now re-deploy your agents and Open Telemetry collectors by following the instructions available in the UI for the Kubernetes StackPack and the xref:setup/otel/getting-started/getting-started-k8s.adoc[Open Telemetry collector documentation]. Use the generated Service Token as the API key by following.

Reviewer 2: The last sentence reads like there should be more to it? `Use the generated Service Token as the API key by following.`
